With the 'out' keyword, you can have a return value, more importantly multiple parameters can be passed, and those values can be returned to the caller. Multiple values cannot be returned, if you use void method

When you set the field (which is basically a variable defined within the class) as private for encapsulation, you can access that field only via a method defined within the class. Method in the sense get/set.

Boxing-Unboxing

So, if you use an object from a class, example below

Value type to Reference type - Boxing
Refernce type to Value Type - Unboxing

var list = new ArrayList();
list.Add(1);  // The add method takes an object type which is a reference. Here since we are passing an integer, hence boxing will happen, which means the integer 1 will be converted to a reference type, meaning it will be stored in heap. And when, you upcast it using var number = (int)list[0], again it will unboxing will happen because the cast (int) is a value type
list.Add("Vishal");// Here "Vishal" is a string which is a reference type, so nothing will happen
list.Add(DateTime.Today); // Here datetime is a struct which is a value type, hence it will be boxed

When boxing happens, the object is stored in heap, (since boxing means getting converted to reference type) and a reference in the stack that points to the object in the heap. So, the value is stored in the heap with an object reference in the stack

It is better to use var list = new List<int>(); // This keeps all values of type integer, so no boxing/unboxing and no performance penalty.

Polymorphism is to ensure that the implementation of certain methods are defined in the derived classes, instead of the base class. You add the word "virtual" to the method in the base class, and then you add the word "override" in the derived class using the same method name. You then define the implementation of the method in the derived class within the override method. See Screenshots for understanding.

The word abstract is used in any base class'es base method is to ensure that the implementation is defined in the derived classes. The base class also needs to have the word abstract added to it. The word abstract is an extra layer of surety added to polymorphism, so that blank methods are not defined in the derived classes. See the screenshots of polymorphism to understand

